Token               Lexeme
------------------------------
separator           $
keyword             function
identifier          calculateArea
separator           (
identifier          base
keyword             integer
separator           ,
identifier          height
keyword             integer
separator           )
separator           {
keyword             return
separator           (
identifier          base
operator            *
identifier          height
separator           )
operator            /
int                 2
separator           ;
separator           }
separator           $
keyword             integer
identifier          base
separator           ,
identifier          height
separator           ,
identifier          area
separator           ;
separator           $
keyword             scan
separator           (
identifier          base
separator           ,
identifier          height
separator           )
separator           ;
identifier          area
operator            =
identifier          calculateArea
separator           (
identifier          base
separator           ,
identifier          height
separator           )
separator           ;
keyword             print
separator           (
identifier          area
separator           )
separator           ;
separator           $