Token               Lexeme
------------------------------
separator           $
keyword             function
identifier          findSum
separator           (
identifier          a
keyword             integer
separator           ,
identifier          b
keyword             integer
separator           )
separator           {
keyword             return
identifier          a
operator            +
identifier          b
separator           ;
separator           }
separator           $
keyword             integer
identifier          result
separator           ;
identifier          result
operator            =
identifier          findSum
separator           (
int                 1
separator           ,
int                 2
separator           )
separator           ;
keyword             print
separator           (
identifier          result
separator           )
separator           ;
separator           $